c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\tema2pssc.exe.config
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\tema2pssc.exe
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\tema2pssc.pdb
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\obj\Debug\tema2pssc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\obj\Debug\tema2pssc.exe
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\obj\Debug\tema2pssc.pdb
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Models.Generic.dll
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Models.Gradina.dll
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Repositories.Gradina.dll
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Services.Gradina.dll
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Repositories.Gradina.pdb
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Models.Gradina.pdb
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Models.Generic.pdb
c:\users\oana\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Services.Gradina.pdb
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Oana\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\tema2pssc\tema2pssc\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
